Specify that gidgethub requires PyJWT >= 2.0.0. (#147)
brettcannon/gidgethub: docs/changelog.rst

  (`Issue #74 <https://github.com/brettcannon/gidgethub/issues/74>`_).
- Fix mypy errors in ``gidgethub.httpx.GitHubAPI._request``
  (`Issue #133 <https://github.com/brettcannon/gidgethub/issues/133>`_).

> - The minimum version of PyJWT to v 2.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make the minimum version of PyJWT be v2.0.0.
```
